I deem him one of the greatest beings
alive in our time we shall never see his
like again his name will live in history
it will live in the annals of war it
will live in the legends of Arabia who
is he
Vic
[Music]
tell us what is your name my name is for
my friends
[Music]
none of my friends is a murderer
[Applause]
for over a quarter of a century
controversy has raged around the name of
TE Lawrence no man of our time has drawn
upon himself so much praise and so much
criticism
[Music]
Lawrence of Arabia the lamb torn between
two civilizations Lawrence of Arabia
filmed against a canvas of Awesome
magnificence
[Music]
lieutenant Lauren sir is not your
military advisor but I would like to
hear his opinion
Tammy Lawrence who do you take orders
from from Lord Faisal in Faisal tent
hailing the birth of a new star
Peter O'Toole as Oren's of Arabia
what was he really like this
controversial figure who became a legend
in his own lifetime he was the most
extraordinary man I ever knew
he was a very great man he was a poet a
scholar and a mighty war there's also
the most shameless exhibitionist since
Barnum and Bailey what in your opinion
that these people hope to gain from this
war they hope to gain the freedom
there's one for in every minute they're
going to get it mr. Bentley I'm going to
give it to them
[Music]
mas and luri together they made history
now a gathering of international stars
unfolds the story Alec Guinness as
Prince Feisal the English have a great
hunger for desolate places I fear they
under
Anthony Quinn as out of Abu tayi I
carried 23 great wounds all gotten
battle 75 men have I killed with my own
hands in battle I scatter I burned my
enemy's tents I take away the flocks and
herds the Turks pay me a golden treasure
yet I am poor because I am a river to my
people Jack Hawkins as general Allenby I
believe will be a household word when he
we have to go to the War Museum to find
well if he was the most extraordinary
man I've ever met
leave me alone leave me alone Jose
Ferrer as the Turkish Bay your skin is
very fair also starring Anthony Quayle
Claude Rains
Arthur Kennedy with Omar Sharif as Holly
and Peter O'Toole as Lawrence
[Music]